chore: restructure docs, add new installation method (#149)
keptn-contrib/job-executor-service: README.md

| Keptn services usually filter for a static list of events the trigger the included functionality. This is not configurable. Whenever the service should listen to a new event, the code of the service needs to be changed.                                                                                                                    | The Job Executor Service provides the means to trigger a task execution for any Keptn event. This is done by matching a jsonpath to the received event payload.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | Keptn services are usually opinionized on how your framework execution looks like. E.g. the locust service just executes three different (statically named) files depending on the test strategy in the shipyard. It is not possible to write tests consisting of multiply files.                                                              | This service provides the possibility to write any specified file from the Keptn git repository into a mounted folder (`/keptn`) of the Kubernetes job. This is done by a initcontainer running before the specified image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Keptn services are usually opinionated on how your framework execution looks like. E.g. the locust service just executes three different (statically named) files depending on the test strategy in the shipyard. It is not possible to write tests consisting of multiple files.                                                              | This service provides the possibility to write any specified file from the Keptn git repository into a mounted folder (`/keptn`) of the Kubernetes job. This is done by a initcontainer running before the specified image.                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```
